README.md, before:

# javaFXStoreLocation
Lab assignment from Advanced Programming and Problem Solving with Java class (Fall 2023) that focused on Java FX / GUI concepts 

Assignment Instructions:

Using your IDE from the last lab (Java Swing project), let's create a GUI application using JavaFX.


Here are the feature requirements:

    - Create a different Java class that matches your assigned industry. 
    - GUI display to view items in the collection
    - GUI form to add items to the collection
    - GUI form to edit items in the collection
    - GUI action to delete items from the collection

Note: Newer versions of Java do not include JavaFX anymore. When creating a new project for this assignment, I highly recommend using a template that provides support for Maven. Here are the instructions for VS Code: https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/java/java-gui


I will be grading on formatting and naming this time around.


Please submit an archive (.zip or .7z) to BrightSpace for evaluation.


The industry assignments are the same, here is a refresher:


Last Name   Industry


Jung         Retail Services


-----

![image](https://github.com/jenniferjung2024/javaFXStoreLocation/assets/164530692/22b0aae7-7ddc-484c-89b7-c1ba9cf0bc70)

Commit message:

Update README.md to include videos that helped me with project

README.md, after:

# javaFXStoreLocation
Lab assignment from Advanced Programming and Problem Solving with Java class (Fall 2023) that focused on Java FX / GUI concepts 

Assignment Instructions:

Using your IDE from the last lab (Java Swing project), let's create a GUI application using JavaFX.


Here are the feature requirements:

    - Create a different Java class that matches your assigned industry. 
    - GUI display to view items in the collection
    - GUI form to add items to the collection
    - GUI form to edit items in the collection
    - GUI action to delete items from the collection

Note: Newer versions of Java do not include JavaFX anymore. When creating a new project for this assignment, I highly recommend using a template that provides support for Maven. Here are the instructions for VS Code: https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/java/java-gui


I will be grading on formatting and naming this time around.


Please submit an archive (.zip or .7z) to BrightSpace for evaluation.


The industry assignments are the same, here is a refresher:


Last Name   Industry


Jung         Retail Services


-----

Started with display only, but used the following videos to improve GUI (they helped me a lot):

- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mtdlX2NMy4M&list=PL6gx4Cwl9DGBzfXLWLSYVy8EbTdpGbUIG&index=18
- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q1LEN2assfU&list=PL6gx4Cwl9DGBzfXLWLSYVy8EbTdpGbUIG&index=19
- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WJ16Mz_rHGE&list=PL6gx4Cwl9DGBzfXLWLSYVy8EbTdpGbUIG&index=8
- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SpL3EToqaXA&list=PL6gx4Cwl9DGBzfXLWLSYVy8EbTdpGbUIG&index=5


-----

![image](https://github.com/jenniferjung2024/javaFXStoreLocation/assets/164530692/22b0aae7-7ddc-484c-89b7-c1ba9cf0bc70)
